tell you see generally in welcome she
come in horses TV live in France fled
home
imagine this in 3 p.m. in France have
you just finished a visit in neo and you
want to have lunch so you go looking for
a restaurant only to find out that all
closed until 7 p.m.
why you ask it's a restaurant it should
be open all day I can't wait until 7
p.m. in France food is sacred you know
that already we have lots of unwritten
rules about food and snacking is almost
a crime when to eat in France that's
what we'll look at today on covering
frosty
today I'm coming home says TV I will de
vista 5 French meal times for you it's
very important to be aware of them as
restaurants only serve at lunch and
dinner times but really in between
elevated Aegina is breakfast we shorten
it to 20 - or - we traditionally have
our Castle our cafe in do-don do-don
avec yooba dooba in do that confit you
confit you we call that in 13 in 13 here
is the breakfast phrase for you
chocolate on today - up to 30 - la paz
the diesel la posta teaser or is the
time for a big morning coffee and snack
it went to the school break logic
classroom lab regression here is this
phrase for you Jeeva today Hassan
proposed diesel j aborted de casa por la
paz dude is blue day journey is
lunchtime if you're talking about the
time stop lunch time you can also say
lumidee LED or auto movie into ultra
many Hindu we don't always have an odd
fit bloody say Audrey flap they say
lunch but we never eat alone it would be
strange to see people in an office
eating on their own if the food can be
shared each is shared Edition it funny
visually the family can ask for more
than four hours a phrase for day Jenny
Oh deja la subida Shatrughan Tiesto's
citizen party bestie Oh deja on some
sanity jet hoovy opportunist Oh super
kind of besties this is many for kids
but you can also invite adults for loop
with it it's also called look at her - I
couldn't get her to up click to get her
it refers to both the time and the snack
a phrase for Luke would t be found
general she could have fun with it
je fais I get - Oh shocker ah follow
routine Latvian teeth is also called la
Viva la veo it's a prisoner drink with
finger food you have it between 6:00 and
9:00 p.m. and it can be a for dinner if
it's a full dinner it's called a Navajo
Janette WA a Navajo in Jeannette was
another phrase - yeah Bravo - via poor
lab do we start dinner between 7:00 and
9:00 is a very important time of the day
the whole family is together around the
table and we talk about our date over
the meal a Dean a friend Adam little a
play Adam Levine a fi8 one your French
will improve only if you put into
practice what you've learned on coming
from TV share your experience by leaving
a comment below this video
have you come across this mealtime rules
in France which one is your favorite do
you enjoy French new times like French
people to the current section is the
best place to start discussions and ask
questions would you like to receive
exclusive content from coming home says
subscribe to coming process Teresa makes
with tips on real life in France every
Tuesday plus an exclusive video lesson
present yourself in French it's free
messy for watching coming from this TV
live in France
feel at home Eddie Sally